CheatSheetSeriess (#1014)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets/Authentication_Cheat_Sheet.md

When developing change password feature, ensure to have:

- User is authenticated with active session.
- Current password verification. This is to ensure that it's the legitimate user who is changing the password. The abuse case is this: a legitimate user is using a public computer to login. This user forgets to logout. Then another person is using this public computer. If we don't verify current password, they may be able to change the password.

### Transmit Passwords Only Over TLS or Other Strong Transport

See: [Transport Layer Protection Cheat Sheet](Transport_Layer_Protection_Cheat_Sheet.md)

> The login page and all subsequent authenticated pages must be exclusively accessed over TLS or other strong transport. Failure to utilize TLS or other strong transport for the login page allows an attacker to modify the login form action, causing the user's credentials to be posted to an arbitrary location. Failure to utilize TLS or other strong transport for authenticated pages after login enables an attacker to view the unencrypted session ID and compromise the user's authenticated session.

Reviewer: Should we use "Secure Transport" in place of "Strong Transport"?

The problem with returning a generic error message for the user is a User Experience (UX) matter. A legitimate user might feel confused with the generic messages, thus making it hard for them to use the application, and might after several retries, leave the application because of its complexity. The decision to return a *generic error message* can be determined based on the criticality of the application and its data. For example, for critical applications, the team can decide that under the failure scenario, a user will always be redirected to the support page and a *generic error message* will be returned.

> Regarding the user enumeration itself, protection against [brute-force attack](#protect-against-automated-attacks) is also effective because they prevent an attacker from applying the enumeration at scale. Usage of [CAPTCHA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAPTCHA) can be applied on a feature for which a *generic error message* cannot be returned because the *user experience* must be preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding the user enumeration itself, protection against [brute-force attack](#protect-against-automated-attacks) is also effective because it prevents an attacker from applying the enumeration at scale. Usage of [CAPTCHA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAPTCHA) can be applied on a feature for which a *generic error message* cannot be returned because the *user experience* must be preserved.
```
